# SearchSummarizer

All of us are used to having to open google or any other search engine and gather information on any topic. But to get the information we need, we need to visit multiple websites, read many articles, research papers, etc, which can be a tedious job. And to add to the list of problems, the information is often scattered and we might get the information we need only by collecting information from multiple websites. This means that we have to manually jump from website to website and check if it contains the information we are looking for, which is time consuming. This can be optimized with the help of automation and AI. 

Our project focusses on removing the manual effort and providing the user with accurate results gathered from the multiple resources in a single document using UIPath. The automation part of this project comes from the data-gathering phase. We first collect the list of websites that come up when the user’s search string is entered into a search engine like Google. Then the aumtation model that we have made, searches the content of every website that comes up. Since the information available on the internet is limitless, a limit is set on the number of websites that the model visits. The model then scrape the contents off these websites and summarizes the content using in-built Machine Learning models. Then the summarized information is put together using AI so that they flow together in a way that the user understands and provide the output file to the user. In this way, we have automated the data collection process when a user searches for information on a topic on the internet.
